I need to build a website based application that finds, posts, tracks, and monitors all the popular and new CSV's, Vulnerabilities, exploits, 0 days, etc for cybersecurity and I also need it to find, track, post, and monitor for ransomware cases, listings, postings, etc. I need the style and vibe to be technical and cybersecurity focused but also very user-friendly and professional. The website should also require users to sign up securely for free basic accounts to access and review the information we post, track, and monitor automatically, in real time or securely purchase paid "professional or business" accounts that provide them real time updates with extended information, additional listings that the free users wouldn't receive and pro/business user accounts would also be able to collaborate about the ransomware attacks, cybersecurity incidents, new vulnerabilities in the wild, and active exploits causing damage on the internet, worldwide.

Change all names, branding, and so forth on the application, website, and services to stoptbcs.com for everything; which stands for Stop The Bleed and cs stands for cybersecurity. We want to stop the bleed when it comes to hackers and ransomware attacks, exploitation, extortion, etc. So, Please also generate a nice logo for the headers and/or footers on all pages and so forth.

Next, connect the website to pull real-time data from the top 20 or 30 ransomware websites, as well as other cybersecurity websites, for exploits in the wild, and news. Ransomware Attacks, Incident Response and Trends as well as other similar websites that already all over the internet to harvest and database this information so it can be displayed for our members in an organized and efficient way!

Can we save and/or database all the best and top ransomware events incident response news, threat actor listings, exploits, and CVEs, as well as exploits actively in the wild, and recommended patching and things like that and save it all to our internal database and built this up over time? Also, i want to make sure all the appropriate articles, news, listings, links, etc show up under the proper menu items, categories, etc Please also ensure everything is properly reviewed for efficient coding, performance, speed, stability, and search engine optimization across the internet.